= RunKeeperActivities gem

The runkeeper-activities gem is a *unoffical* client for the {RunKeeper}[http://runkeeper.com] activity feed,
it is not endorsed by or affiliated with FitnessKeeper Inc. It basically do a bit of scraping of RunKeeper's
public profile pages and js-support files.

== Background

I have been using RunKeeper to track my running for about two years and really like the service. However there
is no official API or RSS-feed for your data yet, from their support forum it looks like it's planned for the future.
I started to feel the urge to be able to access my recent activites on RunKeeper via Ruby so I made this gem.

== Installation

If your using Bundler add the gem to your Gemfile
    gem 'runkeeper-activities'
and do a 
    bundle install

Not using bundler? Just do a 
    gem install runkeeper-activities
and require the gem with
    require 'runkeeper-activities'

== Example

    require 'runkeeper-activities'
    user = RunKeeperActivities::User.find_by_username(YOUR_RUNKEEPER_USERNAME)
    activity = user.activities.first
    puts "On #{activity.start_time} #{user.name} completed a #{activity.distance} #{activity.distance_unit} #{type.downcase} activity"

=== Available data

On a +User+ instance you have access to +username+, +name+, +profile_url+, +profile_image_url+, +distance_unit+, +duration_unit+,
+pace_unit+, +speed_unit+, +calories_unit+, +elevation_unit+ and +activities+. 
On a +Activity+ instance you can access +start_time+, +end_time+, +distance+, +duration+, +pace+, +speed+, +calories+, +elevation+
and +summery+.

There is a bunch of more data available on RunKeeper that should be pretty easy to add support for. 

== Contribute

Found something that doens't work or want to add a feature? Add an {issue}[https://github.com/arvida/runkeeper-activities/issues] or do a {fork}[http://help.github.com/fork-a-repo/] and send a pull request.
